Answer the 4 following questions about your project.  You may likely have some of this in the status messages.   
  
    What went well?  
      Everybody in our group was very good at communicating what needed to be done, by who, and when.  
      Despite the setback of the Slippi group deciding to do our idea on their own, we were able to  
      come together as a group very quickly and pivot to an alternate project that everybody was on  
      board with and had a similar level of interest in. This allowed us to immediately start planning  
      the new project, and create some checkmarks that we wanted to hit, instead of spending multiple  
      weeks coming up with a new project.
    What didn't go so well?  
      We spent a lot of time trying to figure exactly what our MVP would be. Because of this we lost  
      some time that we could've used learning the library (libmelee) that we are going to be using  
      and would've set us up better for next semester to immediately start coding. There was also a  
      problem with Slippi, the open source project, deciding to implement our idea directly which set  
      us back in the planning stages quite a bit.
    What have we learned?  
      Trying to integrate into an open source project is far more difficult than it appears, the  
      learning curve of figuring out their framework is quite steep and there can be so much stuff  
      in the project that it is hard to get started. We also learned that a normal prediction model will  
      run into issues when it comes to SSBM because it will have a hard time understanding that certain  
      inputs need to be inputted exactly 1/50th of a second apart and not just in succession of each other.
    What are still issues/problems/puzzles?  
      There are still a few puzzles that remain for our group to figure out next semester. We will need to  
      figure out how to categorize moves like a wave-dash so that the AI will do the inputs at the exact  
      correct timing instead of just doing them whenever, so that the move will be executed correctly. In  
      addition, we will need to be able to score different attributes of the bot like aggressiveness so that  
      the user has the capability of designing the bot to the ability that they want to play against.
   
  
What recommendations would you make for Senior design 1 for next fall?  (The is not an evaluation of Jim or Lars, just about the class structure).  
  
    What went well and worked and should be continued?  
      The amount of open communication is very helpful. Using Discord for a majority of the announcements  
      I find is a lot more reliable way to get information across as apposed to something like Canvas announcements  
      or emails. It also helped meeting only sparatically, if we met anymore frequently I feel that the status updates  
      would've been fruitless as not enough progress would've been made between the meetings. 
    What didn't go so well and should be changed?  
      Overall the direction and flow of the class worked really well. All of the requirements for each part of the  
      project were clearly ellaborated and I never felt caught off guard by something being due. Not sure anything  
      needs to be changed for next year. I think one thing that would be beneficial to add would be an idea list.  
      Not anything super specific or anything like that, but maybe some starting points for people that don't have  
      a group and weren't interested in any of the project ideas. Also, if it's allowed, showing the best of the  
      previous years projects to the class at the beginning would be cool so that we know both the quality and the  
      scale of the project that we're supposed to be doing.
      
